+++
title = "Incident-Report-v1"
date = 2024-08-03T15:00:00Z
+++

\> New divers identified entering "The Bell".
Zeb (Jack), Chloe (Megan), Jack (Will), Fee (Charlotte), Tristen (Lewis)

\> Divers must have bribed the blockade.


\> Divers greeted by Arkady "retired" diver who coordinates dives into the deep.

Divers explore the Bell with Arkady, noting the Chapel and the garden.


\> Zeb flirts with Noriko, priest in the chapel, whilst Jack serenades on his saxophone.

Noriko is a worshipper of the "Minotaur".

Zeb contemplates salvation in the arms of <s>Noriko</s> the Minotaur.


\> Divers learn that the Cloudbank Synthetics production facility ("The Deep") was abandoned following a take-over from resident AI "Monarch".


\> Arkady runs transport to and from the Deep every 24 hours.

He arrives each morning at 08:00 and stays for one hour.

At 09:00 he leaves the Deep and returns to the Bell.

Divers can either return to his shuttle within the hour after arrival or expect to rendezvous with Arkady the next day.


-- DIVERS EMBARK --

\> Divers embark on their inaugural dive.


-- RECEPTION AREA --

\> Divers arrive in the reception area of 22B.


\> A body is identified.
Chloe scans the body and identifies it is an android.

This shocks the crew. The android appears uncannily human.

Evidence suggests this android was "forcefully retired".


\> Chloe salvages the logic core from the expired android.


-- MEETING ROOM A --

\> Divers find an abandoned backpack. It contains Stim packs, shotgun rounds and a torch.

(insert foreshadowing here)


-- MEETING ROOM B --

\> In meeting room B there is a curious pile of books and an item stashed amongst them.


\> Whilst everyone watches from the doorway, Zeb (hoorah), trips an EMP mine recovering an artifact.


\> Zeb recovers an epic poem artifact written in binary.
```
01001110 01101111 01110010 01101001 01101011 01101111 00100000
01110111 01101111 01110101 01101100 01100100 00100000
01100010 01100101 00100000
01110000 01110010 01101111 01110101 01100100 00100000
00111100 00110011
```


-- CAFETERIA --

\> Can smell fresh food in here (do androids eat?)


\> Fee splits off and heads back to reception to interface with the computer network.


\> Zeb and Jack find some cigarettes and ammunition in the kitchen by a golden rat statue.

Jack sees $_$ and pockets the rat statue.


-- RECEPTION AREA --

\> Meanwhile Fee is able to interface with the local network and download a map of the first floor. Much smarts.


\> Suddenly marching can be heard from the docking bay. Panik. Fee runs back to the cafeteria.

-- CAFETERIA --

\> Fee gets back and warns the group.

All agree to run into the freezer to hide (brr)


\> 10 armed humanoids in black armour with red visors (troubleshooters?) know that divers are hiding in the freezer.

How do they know?!
Well this is probably it then.
Divers prepare for last stand.
(⌐■_■)

\> Suddenly...
Androids ambush the troubleshooters and firefight breaks out in the cafeteria.


\> bruh


\> Jack uses this moment to throw a remote detonator at the 4 troubleshooters remaining in the Kitchen.

Success! They are all forcefully retired.


\> Everyone tries to make a break for it back to the meeting rooms.

Tristen is old and runs like he's old and gets shot like he's old.

Jack also gets hurt but the "CCTV footage" is fuzzy and I can't remember why.


-- MEETING ROOM A --

\> The divers discover that the loot from the backpack they found earlier was a trap.

The shotgun shelves were empty, the stimpacks had expired and the torch had a tracker hidden within.

Probably shouldn't pick up random backpacks anymore.


\> The tracker is decommissioned.


-- STORAGE ROOM --

\> Continuing to explore the divers find a storage room.


\> Not much in here, mostly boxes.


\> Zeb opens up a box and hallucinates an android head is talking to him.

Creepy af. Another logic core though. Thanks Zeb.



-- EMPLOYEE REC ROOM --

\> Opposite the storage room the divers enter a gym.


\> Unconscious within a locker is Donnie the diver. Bit sus. Great name tho.

Donnie says he found a one in a million artifact but his partner crossed him and knocked him out.


\> The group hangs out with Donnie before heading back to the dock to rendezvous with Arkady the next morning.


-- THE BELL --

\> Jack shows off his Rat statue to Arkady hoping to impress him.

Arkady scolds him and informs everyone that the statue needs to be returned or food will no longer be cooked in the kitchen area (complete with newly fitted entrance).


\> Upon arriving back at the Bell, the divers take the time to cool down, decompress and reflect on wtf just happened.

CASUALTIES: NONE
VALUABLE LOOT: 2X LOGIC CORES, FEW GUNS, EPIC POEM.

-- END REPORT --
